404 Link Fixes in Automate Docs (#7935)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/ha_existing_a2ha_to_automate_ha.md

1. Detach the File system from the old A2HA cluster.

> 1. Configure the backup at Automate HA cluster. If you have not configured it, please refer to this [Doc: Pre Backup Configuration for File System Backup](/automate/ha_backup_restore_file_system/#backup-and-restore-commands)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the backup at Automate HA cluster. If you have not configured it, please refer to this [Doc: Pre Backup Configuration for File System Backup](/automate/ha_backup_restore_file_system/#setting-up-the-backup-configuration)
```
